You middlemen are all fathers of the kingdom people
Hahahahaha
Remember me
If you dare to play for tigers in the middle and lower levels again in the future
arrogant and domineering
Don't blame me for moving your heads
Take the jade pendant I gave you with you.
Do you understand?
Got it, Master Shen
I have something I want your help with
I don't know.
You go back first
Master Shen, let's talk here
Tell me why you help great people
Shen Yan, you don't know
I'm not trying to help them.
If I don't take them
Reduced to the middle and lower basement
They will throw themselves into the Western mill
A subsidiary of Sand Group
United
Let's deal with the underground forces in the middle and lower levels together?
Scrub Group
They hit you
As expected of someone who can cure Mr. Qin
It was obvious at a glance that I was seriously injured
Yes, Master Shen
After being injured by you last time
I fought Rover of the Scrub Group
He accidentally inherited a serious injury
So
You know I cured Mr. Qin's illness
This time you came here to ask me to see you.
Master Shen's treatment is small
There's a billion.
I want to ask you to do it.
Lofu who defeated the matte group
Take a breath out for us
I refuse.